A typical rainy weekend in Vancouver, Joe wants something for brunch that suits the weather. 
He has a vague idea, maybe something warm and with a soup, but can't quite put his finger on 
one menu. Hamburger and Pizza may be sunny day food, Steaks are too heavy for brunch, and he 
never had Transylvanian cuisine to know whether it is good for rainty days. He wants to decide 
what he is going to be eating, before getting out of his bed and get ready for the meal.

One sunny afternoon, after walking along the Sea Wall, Titus and Kimmy get hungry. 
Walking along the beautiful ocean got them hankering for some seafood. They are just not sure 
whether it is a good idea to have some raw seafood like oysters, or sushi on a warm sunny day. 
They just want to have some seafood, if any, without taking a whole food safety course.

A student during the exam period, just wants to have a quick meal, so that he can return to his studies. 
He does not want to have to go through all the options, and decide whether he wants Chinese food or sushi.  
He wants a restaurant at a walking distance where he can quickly grab a bite, or a delivery food that is 
not going to take too long to arrive.

A couple on a date is feeling adventurous, and agrees to dine some place where neither of them have 
gone before. They find it cumbersome to retrieve names of all the restaurants they have been to, and 
then compare them to deduce a novel dining place.

Will and Grace are having five friends over for a dinner. Neither of them wants to cook, and they decide to cater. 
The issue is, one of their friends is vegetarian, one of them lactose intolerant, one of them allergic to peanuts, 
one of them a gluten-free enthusiast, and the last one a professional body builder who insists that substantial 
amount of protein be included in every one of his meals. Will and Grace do not have enough time to call individual 
restaurants and pick them up. Neither do they have will-power to call each restaurant and find out whether they can 
satisfy all five friends from an order from a restaurant.
